Document GHC-69158 (TcRnConflictingExports) (#100)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-69158/example/index.md

---
title: Name clash due to mix of qualified and unqualified re-export
---

## Error Message

```
Greeting.hs:3:5: error: [GHC-69158]
    Conflicting exports for ‘greeting’:
       ‘W.greeting’ exports ‘W.greeting’
         imported qualified from ‘World’ at Greeting.hs:6:1-27
         (and originally defined at World.hs:4:1-8)
       ‘U.greeting’ exports ‘U.greeting’
         imported qualified from ‘Universe’ at Greeting.hs:7:1-30
         (and originally defined at Universe.hs:4:1-8)
  |
3 |   , U.greeting
  |     ^^^^^^^^^^
```

## Explanation

This examples defines the modules `World` and `Universe`, both of which export
an identifier named `greeting`. The `Greeting` module then imports `World` and

> `Universe` qualified, meaning it can use both `greeting`s in the body of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Universe` qualified, meaning it can use both identifiers in the body of
```

Slightly too much use of "greeting"?

Reviewer 2: I actually prefer the use of `greeting`s here, because it's more precise, if a bit repetetiev

> `bothGreetings` without any ambiguity. However, the export of both `greeting`s

Reviewer 2: Reading this aloud, I can't distinguish between `bothGreetings` and both `greeting`s, which I tripped over. What about:
```suggestion
`bothGreetings` without any ambiguity. However, the export of both definitions named `greeting`
```

Author: Should be fixed now!

in `Greeting`'s export list does cause ambiguity, because a module can only
export one identifier with a given name.

In this case, we decide that we want to export just one default greeting, and

> that most users of our code won't need to greet the entire universe, so we fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that most users of our code won't need to greet the entire universe. We fix
```

Make the clause less winding

the error by removing the re-export of `U.greeting`.

If we still want to somehow export `U.greeting` in addition to `W.greeting`,

> we'll have to define a new identifier and set it equal to `U.greeting`, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we'll have to define a new identifier and set it equal to `U.greeting`. For
```

Also less long sentence
